title: $:/TWHangouts/HangOut_070
created: 20150115073417281
modified: 20150115073507852
tags: TWHangouts
source-wiki-id: TWHangouts
source-tiddler-title-as-text: HangOut_070
source-tiddler-title-as-link: HangOut_070

2014-11-25 - [[YouTube|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKDVD6mf9tk]]

"""
0:00:00 Intro: frtl: Ed, Eric, Felix, Jeremy, Mario, Matias, Nathan, Tobias, Ton
0:05:13 Jeremy- about the agenda. .. How can we make TW more popular?!
0:09:30 Matias- Short summary about his (controversial) post in the group. "Hopefully NOT for the next 25 years!"
.. Add-ons (plugins, tweaks, themes...) - difficult to find or (more likely) even know they exist
* No quality assurance of add-ons
* Lacking documentation
* The aggregated knowledge from discussions relies on 3d part system not optimized for us
* Little insight into what attracts new users
* Little insight of user needs, tw applications, behaviours etc
* Challenging to get tiddlyverse overview (resources, applications, options, services, people...)
* Demanding learning curve for customization
* Too few developers (I'm just assuming this is always an issue)
0:16:10 Jeremy- about his behaviour, to develop new TW features... not focusing on documentation.
0:18:50 Jeremy- about the moratorium for new features...
0:21:13 Felix- about the export functionality
0:22:50 Matias- about the responsibilities of / in the community and the infrastructure for the community to get involved.
0:28:15 Jeremy- his thoughts about the different points:
* Add-ons (plugins, tweaks, themes...) - difficult to find or (more likely) even know they exist
* No quality assurance of add-ons
0:33:05 .. about 3rd party plugins, that are not part of the core, but important.
0:34:45 Matias- about meta data / reviews for plugins...
.. Jeremy's thoughts about the existing infrastructure at tiddlywiki dot com
0:43:00 Tobias- About tiddlywiki(.)org on TiddlySpace to be used as community maintained resources. ... general discussion
0:48:35 Tobias- about the possibilities to contribute with tiddlyspot / tiddlyspace
0:51:00 Mario- about a "classic" and "5" domain names ... general discussion about TS access rights. ... Mario can set them!
0:54:40 Jeremy- about moving TiddlyWikiDev group to github ... only the dev group!
0:56:25 Jeremy- Long term goal for the general TW discussion group. ... It should be federated. ... see "long term goal"
1:01:35 Matias- about the community responsibility structure ... general discussion
1:06:02 .. * Lacking documentation
1:07:37 .. * The aggregated knowledge from discussions relies on 3d part system not optimized for us
1:08:08 .. * Little insight into what attracts new users
.. * Little insight of user needs, tw applications, behaviours etc
1:10:35 Eric- about implementing a way for users to give feedback.
1:15:50 .. * Challenging to get tiddlyverse overview (resources, applications, options, services, people...)
1:16:20 .. * Demanding learning curve for customization
1:19:40 Matias- there should be more "ready to use" editions
1:23:00 Jeremy- about "better presenting the editions" we have.
1:24:00 Ed- Would making the group federated, be alienating those, who need help the most?
1:25:55 Matias- What about common discussion boards? It seems, Jeremy doesn't like them ...
1:33:15 Tobias- what about a "dummy github repo" just for discussion?
1:38:50 Jeremy- short summary of the above.
1:43:10 * Too few developers (I'm just assuming this is always an issue)
1:45:30 * Little insight into what attracts new users
1:45:30 Jeremy- refletions, about what happens, if you want to make TW "more conventional" ... but TW is "unconventional" and we shouldn't be afraid of it.
1:52:10 .. about "specific editions" ..
1:54:10 .. about the TW slogan / tagline
1:55:30 Matias- Thx for picking up those topics.
1:56:50 Jeremy- Some TW group statistics ...
1:58:30 Eric- Promoting the "Inside TiddlyWiki" Book!
1:59:50 Bye! Bye!
"""