title: $:/TWHangouts/HangOut_007
created: 20150119033136668
modified: 20150119033225844
tags:  License http://hangouts.tiddlyspace.com/
source-wiki-id: TWHangouts
source-tiddler-title-as-text: HangOut_007
source-tiddler-title-as-link: HangOut_007

2013-07-30 - [[YouTube|http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SsSh_p_zno]]

"""
0:00:00 attendees introduction
0:04:17 mario - introduces tiddlyweb with vagrant
0:05:30 mario -
0:17:12 questions
0:17:30 mario - summarizing the stuff
0:18:20 jeremy/mario - up again
0:21:00 mario - what is virtual box
0:23:20 about annotations
0:23:40 intro - kamil, marty
0:24:40 marty - about seamonkey and TW on OS10
0:26:00 general discussion about browsers and TW
0:28:10 dave's (giffmex) work with TW5
0:30:20 jeremy - tag widget TW5
0:32:25 jeremy - problem with (unwanted persistent) popup state
0:38:40 mario - question about state tiddlers
0:40:40 jeremy - any questions / requests ?
0:41:15 leo - tiddler namespace / TW directory structure / hirachical structure
0:45:10 jeremy - tiddler content types (eg: text/x-markdown)
0:47:18 jeremy - how saving works with TW5 at the moment (answeres the q above)
0:50:00 tiddlywiki.info / TW editions folder metadata
0:51:30 wiki nesting (metadata)
0:53:28 how "include wiki / editions" stuff works
0:55:10 mario - can you see, where a tiddler comes from?
0:56:05 jeremy - editing / saving tiddlers
0:59:50 jeremy - specify, where new tiddlers should go
1:01:08 discussion about "create new tiddler usecase"
1:03:03 jeremy ideas: about implementing the bag/recipe handling
1:06:30 leo - what is the tiddler identity + discussion ...
1:08:10 pmario - would like to have a UUID
1:09:30 jeremy - back to namespaces and his idea ...
1:11:50 jeremy - how TW5 can build TW2 (with prefixes / namespaces?)
1:18:20 namespace is indipendent from directory?
1:19:30 scott - discussion about naming conventions
1:21:40 scott/jeremy - aliasing mechanism should be part of the core
1:23:40 scott/mario/jeremy - naming conventions and tiddler renaming / search and replace
1:27:01 jeremy - any questions anyone?
1:28:10 jeremy - what's new in TW5 - d3 - demoing "word cloud"
1:29:30 jeremy - ideas: how do we expose data to d3 / grid
1:31:40 intro - dave
1:32:00 dave/jeremy - about the objective of dave's tw + discussion
1:36:20 jeremy - about tw themes
1:37:40 mario/jeremy - "info button" behaviour + discussion
1:39:10 dave/jeremy - tagging in the "info area" + demoing, how to change the templates
1:42:00 jeremy - how to do tagging in the ViewTemplate
1:45:00 jeremy - the "future of weekly hangouts" - how should we continue?
1:49:60 bye - bye!